# TITLE: MASL 2023-2024 Regular Season Standings
# DESCRIPTION:
The MASL (Major Arena Soccer League) is a professional indoor soccer league with 13 different teams that participated in the 2023-2024 season. Although professional, the skill levels can vary by quite a bit depending on the team. I created a program called #### that takes in a CSV file name ### and outputs another CSV file named ###. ### is a list of every team in the MASL, the number of wins and loss the team had, and the goal differential the team ended the season with. My program will take in ### and convert it to a CSV that displays the type of record the team had for the season. It will come out to be eaither winning, loosing, or tying. The reason for this is becuase it is easier to read than a bunch of numbers. ### will also displaying in laymens terms if the goal differential was positive or negative. It will add a super prefix if the the differential is more than plus or minus 50.



will take in the current stats of each team (The wins and goals for/against for example) and allow the viewer to get a better understanding of those stats in a new csv file called #####. This program was made with players and the coaching staff of MASL teams in mind. The project.py file first checks for a total of four command-line arguments (including 'python'). This is done in the validate_info function. The expected input is something similar to this: 'python project.py original.csv new.csv' This function checks for a length of 3, less than 3 or more than 3 will prompt an error. In the same function, the csv file will be read and then written to. The file taken in must be a '.csv' file or an error will occur, and the system will exit. Because I am checking a csv file and I will be checking command-line arguments, I will have to import the csv and sys libraries respectively. In the main function only my validate_info will need to be run as the other functions will be ran behind the scenes.
The next function (win_ration) takes the win-to-loss ratio from the team_stats.csv as a fraction and converts it to its relative number that will either be greater than one, which is considered winning, less than one, which is considered losing, or is one, which is considered even, resulting in a tying record. In addition to those three, there is a rare 'Perfect Record' for the case of an undefeated team, which would have a win-to-loss ratio as n/0 with 'n' being a positive integer. This special 'perfect record' had to be dealt with using a Zero Division Error since python has a problem dealing with dividing by zero. This one is done using a simple try/except clause.
Lastly, a function named positive_or_negative does as the function suggests. The function takes in the goal differential (all numbers found via Team_Stats.csv) and converts them to their respective outcome i.e. positive, negative, or neutral. In addition to those options, I’ve added a specifier ('super') for scores that are either above 25 or below negative 25. A new file with this new information is then created under the name Team_Standings.csv. Team_Standing.csv has the conversions of the win/loss ratio as well as the conversion of the goal differentials.
This program is meant to take in the current stats of the Major Arena Soccer League teams and return a brief outlook of how things are going so far. This program, if not already obvious, will help coaches determine their strengths and weaknesses as of the middle of the season. Instead of looking at stats sheets and seeing a bunch of numbers, the players and coaches can see in simple terms how they are doing. They are also able to check on the other teams without knowing the full details and exact numbers, which will most likely not be very useful to them.
